[Music]
would you rather grow five feet taller
or five feet smaller taller hmm you'd
want to be 10 11 feet tall huh
but think about it I've already been 5
feet smaller good point thank you
what's the smallest animal you could
milk funny I'm really thinking about
tiny teats in there there they have them
you know do you think you could milk a
squirrel yes what do you think squirrel
milk tastes like nuts that's like a
method what is the most New York thing
you've ever witnessed it was actually
recently driving into Manhattan from
Brooklyn and my kids were in the car and
my daughter said look mommy that guy's
dead was he what we don't know well you
know what a toast to the potentially
deceased yeah serach vodka the answer to
all of life's ridiculous questions
[Music]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry